hello dear reader of pc games hardware
my name is christian we are here
at asus stand at the computex 2014
2b here behind her you can see ours
series
at the very beginning we had with the ares 1
started complete air cooling where 28 50
70 gpu of amd were installed with
Air cooler at the second
in the second model then the s2 we are
already on a canvas water cooling
pictures around the 2 79 70 g all the way to
drive and now my brand new ones
Year three are also a complete one
water cooler rewritten
that means here only the
card with the cooler delivered so that
Here then yourself in yours
water cooling skies could install on
künast
We produce in single slot format
have with ek water blocks water cooling
developed and mister bender 29 290 ps and
the whole is on 500 pieces worldwide
the cooler is limited accordingly
illuminates the symbol
otherwise
the stuttgarter on gamers it no
deadline
at connections we have displayport like that
that you also have 4k displays with it
driving is natural for me
very well suited card differently on dmi and
also dvi port
we are on just the
hold to select appropriate gpu
and the best is not blocked
as soon as it is ready the
map also available in germany
his
we give up about from august to
september currently not endorse
spectators and see you next time